---
title: Lodging
images:
  - accommodations-1.jpg
  - accommodations-2.jpg
  - accommodations-3.jpg
---

# Lodging

There is not a centralized space we recommend staying, as the locations of the
ceremony and reception are different. ([Here is a map](http://goo.gl/PO3PHi)
of our home, the ceremony and reception locations for reference.) You can call
around and find something that best suits your trip wish list, but why not try
something more... Portland!? This is just a little research, based only on
Internet facts.

###### Ace Hotel

Part of a small boutique chain, its minimalist rooms incorporate retro-styled
Pacific Northwest art, recycled materials and vintage furniture. There's a
photobooth in the lobby and free rental bikes for getting around town. Its
Clyde Common restaurant and bar is a great place to hang at the end of a day
sightseeing, and it's popular with locals as well. Doubles from $125.

[acehotel.com/portland](http://www.acehotel.com/portland){:.www}

###### AirBnb

Rent unique places to stay from local hosts; get a room, a floor or a whole
house for the duration of your stay. Depending on the size of your group,
renting an Airbnb place can be more cost efficient than a hotel.

[airbnb.com](https://www.airbnb.com/){:.www}

###### Kennedy School

The once-abandoned 1915 elementary school is now one of Portland's quirkiest
hotels, with 57 guest rooms that still retain original features such as
chalkboards and cloakrooms. There's a restaurant in the courtyard, several
small bars, a heated pool and a McMenamins brewery. Double rooms from $115.

[mcmenamins.com](http://www.mcmenamins.com/427-kennedy-school-home){:.www}

###### Everett Street Guesthouse

A casual 1907 Craftsman style home B&B with no frilly curtains, teddy bears
or potpourri. Located in a quiet neighborhood within walking distance
restaurants as well as movie theaters, public transportation, and Laurelhurst
Park. Separate studio cottage also available.

[everettstreetguesthouse.com](http://www.everettstreetguesthouse.com/){:.www}

###### Friendly Bike Guest House

This guest house is surrounded by the restaurants and pubs of Williams Avenue
and the Alberta Arts District that are within walking/biking distance. Guests
have access to a fully equipped kitchen, and a washer and dryer, with budget
friendly Bunk beds at $36, and doubles from $76.

[friendlybikeguesthouse.com](http://friendlybikeguesthouse.com/){:.www}

[Additional guest houses](http://www.lonelyplanet.com/usa/pacific-northwest/portland/hotels/guesthouses){:.www}

###### White Eagle

It's said to be "North Portland's haunted brothel", built in 1905 as a
hotel/brothel before being converted into a boutique hotel and rock venue.

[mcmenamins.com](http://www.mcmenamins.com/683-white-eagle-hotel-room-rates){:.www}
