---
title: +More
images:
  - more-1.jpg
  - more-2.jpg
  - more-3.jpg
---

# Extra Goodies

## Timely happenings in PDX

###### 28th Annual Oregon Brewers Festival

[Tom McCall Waterfront Park](https://goo.gl/maps/j1cGX){:.location}

The Festival starts on Wednesday, July 22 and goes through Sunday. Taps are
open from noon to 9pm. We definitely recommend going on Wednesday or Thursday...
the weekend gets crazy packed and you'll have to spend all your time waiting in
lines with empty beer cups!

It's cash only; $7 for a glass and $1 per beer token. Everything's sold
separately, so you can share a glass between two people or buy your own,
however you wanna make it happen... It's 4 tokens to fill a glass and 1
token for a 3oz. sample.

[oregonbrewfest.com](http://www.oregonbrewfest.com/){:.www}

## Recommended Sights & To-Do’s

###### International Rose Test Garden

[SW Portland](https://goo.gl/maps/28du7){:.location}

The garden grounds are absolutely gorgeous, and feature over 10,000 rose bushes
representing more than 650 rose varieties. If you’d like a free guided tour,
they do them daily at 1pm, but freely walking the grounds is nice.

[rosegardenstore.org](http://www.rosegardenstore.org/international-rose-test-garden.cfm){:.www}

###### Kargi GoGo

[Downtown Portland](https://goo.gl/maps/Z5gwa){:.location}

Justin’s sister and brother-in-law, McKinze Cook and Sean Fredericks, own and
run their Peace Corps inspired Georgian cart, serving food from the country of
Georgia. Elements of Eastern European and Middle Eastern cuisines result in
fresh, flavorful dishes.

[kargigogo.com](http://kargigogo.com/){:.www}

###### Salt & Straw

{:.location}
Locations: [Northwest](https://goo.gl/maps/mWn4G),
[Alberta](https://goo.gl/maps/15oYU), and [Division](https://goo.gl/maps/QYdEl)

It began with Kim & Tyler—part luck, part strategy and part love, in a custom
push cart creating ice cream recipes. Now, their ice cream is legendary, and
people wait in long lines to buy it. You do get all the free samples you want,
before picking your flavor(s). We recommend going early, when they open, or
whenever you pass by and the line isn’t outside the door.  

[saltandstraw.com](http://saltandstraw.com/){:.www}

###### Multnomah Falls

[Columbia River Gorge](https://goo.gl/maps/yVjbY){:.location}

Multnomah Falls, part of the Columbia River Gorge, is a MUST-SEE and only a
short drive outside the city. It's a year round waterfall, gorgeous 365 days
a year. Walk up the short trail onto the Benson Bridge for the perfect, misty
view, and you'll be standing at the division of the upper (542') and lower
(69') falls. If you're feeling exceptionally youthful, trek up the 11 rocky
switch backs to the top, and gaze over the 611 foot drop.

[oregon.com](http://www.oregon.com/attractions/multnomah_falls){:.www}
